# Iona Labs Terms of Use

Last updated: 12 June 2025

### 1. Introduction

#### 1.1 Who we are

Iona Labs is developing a set of open source projects that use peer-to-peer technologies to help people transact securely, communicate freely, and organise with confidence. Anyone participating in these projects helps to build technology and tools that empowers people to advance their own sovereign communities.

Whenever "Iona Labs," "Iona," "we," "us," or any similar variation are used in these terms of use (referred to as "terms"), we are referring to Iona Labs LLC, and includes its "representatives," which means Iona Labs' affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents and any other representatives of Iona Labs. For the purposes of these terms, "representatives" also includes Iona Labs core contributors without prejudice to the other legal categories mentioned.

Iona Labs does not provide any services, such as financial services, to users of Iona Software or any third party. Iona Labs is not an intermediary, agent, advisor, or custodian, and does not owe you any fiduciary duty.

#### 1.2 About these terms

These terms are a contract between you and Iona Labs and apply to your use of Iona Software. The term "Iona Software" as used herein means a software developed by Iona Labs and is composed of a secure messaging tool and a crypto wallet integrated together.

Please read these terms carefully before using Iona Software. By installing or using Iona Software on any device, you agree to these terms. If you do not agree, you should not install or use Iona Software.

We would like to draw your attention to certain parts of these terms which are summarised here for your convenience and we ask that you refer to the corresponding provisions below:

- **You are solely responsible for the use of Iona Software**  
You are ultimately solely responsible for the use of Iona Software. Throughout these terms, we have indicated where you are solely responsible in relation to your use of Iona Software, for example, your use of the Wallet, securing your seed phrase and private keys (including backups) and the content you may create and submit through Iona Software.

- **Third party services and Web 3**  
When using Iona Software, you may access or use Third Party Services or interact with Web 3. We note that Iona Labs does not control or operate any of these Third Party Services or Web 3 and that there may be applicable terms and conditions which you should refer to if you choose to interact with them.

- **Acceptable use of Iona Software**  
Iona Labs adheres to a number of Principles which are reflected in the design and development of Iona Software. We ask that you use Iona Software in a way that promotes and aligns with the Iona Labs Principles, particularly not acting or using Iona Software in manner as set out in the relevant provision below.

- **Risks**  
The use of Iona Software is not without risk. You should understand the risks involved and how they may affect you. We have listed a number of risks in these terms, such as from your use of the Wallet, the novel and experimental nature of Web 3, the unpredictable and volatile nature of Digital Assets and potential legal, and regulatory and tax implications. The risks listed in these terms are not exhaustive and ultimately, you are solely responsible for evaluating the risks and deciding whether or not to use Iona Software.

- **Indemnity**  
You provide Iona Labs a broad indemnity from and against any and all claims, damages and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of Iona Software.

- **Release and limitation of liability**  
You not only release Iona Labs' liability on a number of items, but also agree that Iona Labs' aggregate liability is limited to USD 100 (one hundred US Dollars) or to the maximum extent permitted by law.

- **Arbitration**  
If a dispute arises between you and Iona Labs, we will seek to first solve it amicably with you before proceeding to the use of an arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association.

### 2. About Iona Software

#### 2.1 What is Iona Software

At Iona Labs, we strive to develop open source software that can serve as a secure communication tool that helps to uphold human rights. Iona Software is specifically designed to facilitate the free flow of information, protect the right to private, secure communications and promote the sovereignty of individuals.

Iona Software is composed of a secure messaging tool and a crypto wallet integrated together. The software developed by Iona Labs in this regard is simply called "Iona Software" and you can find more details about its development on Iona Labs' GitHub page.

Iona Software is open source client software that is designed to be user-friendly and can be installed or run in a web browser on your local desktop or mobile device. You can use Iona Software to interact with and participate in Web 3 protocols, applications and peer to peer networks (referred to in these terms collectively, as "Web 3"). Please note that Iona Software is not a blockchain protocol, or a blockchain network, a platform or a web-based platform.

Iona Labs develops Iona Software and makes it available for you to run in a web browser or for your local use on your desktop or mobile device. This means that you are solely responsible for your activity and any potential risk or loss you may incur through using the Iona Software as further detailed below in these terms.

As a result of the privacy-first design of Iona Software:

- Iona Labs does not store nor have access to user data, messages, or content;
- Iona Labs cannot associate content or actions with individual users. However, users may choose to disclose certain limited information to Iona Labs voluntarily, such as when opting in to share usage analytics. This data, shared only through explicit consent of the user, is processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy;
- Iona Labs cannot block or ban users from using Iona Software features;
- Iona Labs has no means of monitoring, moderating, removing, modifying or regulating users' content or activity, except in Community Spaces created and directly managed by Iona Labs.

#### 2.1.1 Wallet

Iona Software includes a crypto wallet. We will refer to such wallet functionality in these terms as "Wallet".

The Wallet is your own personal crypto wallet. This type of wallet is sometimes also called "non-custodial", "self-custodial" or "self-hosted", which means you are in complete control of the crypto tokens (the "Digital Assets") in the Wallet. Iona Labs will never have access to or control over your seed phrase, private keys or Digital Assets in your Wallet given its design.

Using the Wallet, you are able to send, receive and store Digital Assets and connect to and interact with third-party services that enable the exchange of Digital Assets for fiat currency and Web 3, including certain blockchain bridges and decentralised exchanges.

The Wallet contains the latest security standards, anti-phishing mechanisms and locally generated and stored public and private keys to ensure that your Digital Assets are secured to the highest standards.

When generating an account, a randomisation process is started on your own device that generates a key pair. Iona Labs does not have visibility of or access to your private keys. You are solely responsible for storing and securing your seed phrase and private keys, and creating, storing and securing their backups. If you fail to maintain the appropriate security measures of your private keys, it may result in you losing access to your Wallet and control of any Digital Assets in your Wallet. If you lose or forget your seed phrase or private keys, Iona Labs will not be able to help you recover or replace them and further, Iona Labs will not be able to assist you with the recovery of your Digital Assets.

In order to further enhance the security of storing your private keys, you may also choose to store your keys on a keycard or hardware wallet.

#### 2.1.2 Messaging

Iona Software includes messaging functionality that enables secure communication between users. We will refer to the messaging functionality of Iona Software and the Community Spaces collectively in these terms, as "Messaging".

Messaging uses an open source, peer-to-peer protocol with end-to-end encryption and metadata suppression to protect your messages from third parties (including Iona Labs). End-to-end encryption means that only the sender and recipient of a message can read its contents, and no one else. Peer-to-peer communication is accomplished using distributed protocols that rely on a distributed network of nodes instead of a centralised server. This means that there is no central party or server from which messages can be intercepted, modified or blocked.

Within Messaging, you will also be able to participate in Community Spaces. This feature allows users to create and join communities with varying access and discoverability options, which may include token-gated communities, private communities and open and public communities, where you can create group chats and engage with your communities. We note that content in all Community Spaces will be accessible to the members of those spaces. For open and public communities, content will be accessible to all other users of Iona Software. Nonetheless, all content, regardless of the type of community, will still be protected by the same end-to-end encryption utilised in Iona Software.

### 3. Privacy

Iona Labs processes a limited amount of user data to ensure the technical operation of the Iona Software, enhance its functionality, and improve the user experience. For more details on this limited process of user data, please refer to our Privacy Policy.

If you use third party services offered through Iona Software, your privacy may not be protected and you will be subject to the privacy terms and conditions of such third parties. Please refer to our full terms regarding third party services below.

### 4. Using third party services and interacting with Web 3

When using Iona Software, you may access or use third party products, services or tools ("Third Party Services") and interact with Web 3. Iona Software is only one means of interacting with these Third Party Services and Web 3 and you can independently utilise other means and tools to do so as well.

Your interactions with Web 3 could include many aspects, such as interacting with smart contracts that reside on blockchain networks, for example to swap Digital Assets or use (crypto) bridges, or deploying your own smart contracts through Community Spaces. You may also interact with and participate in peer-to-peer networks which could vary in their level of decentralisation, ranging from more centralised networks controlled by a single party to networks governed by decentralised communities.

When you use Third Party Services or interact with Web 3, you acknowledge that Iona Labs does not control or operate any Third Party Service or Web 3. These products, services, or tools are either controlled, operated, owned, or licensed by the third party providing them, or they may operate autonomously, independently of Iona Labs or any other party.

Please note that using Third Party Services or interacting with Web 3 might be subject to specific terms and conditions, including privacy policies, set by the third-party providers. These providers might exclude and disclaim all liability regarding their Third Party Services and are not responsible or liable for your use of Iona Software. It is crucial that you read and understand the applicable terms and conditions, including privacy policies, of these Third Party Services to be aware of the implications of their use. In case of interactions with Web 3, such as decentralised exchanges, there might be in some cases no applicable terms and conditions, and the relevant software code will govern your interactions.

Please also note that bridges are used to move tokens from one blockchain network to another. When you use a bridge, for example in the course of sending or bridging tokens, Iona Labs utilises an algorithm that aims to determine the lowest service fee which the user may incur at the time of a bridge's use. This algorithm relies on information extracted directly from the relevant blockchain networks. Iona Labs is not responsible for the accuracy and correctness of any information that these algorithms may extract from such networks.

You are solely responsible for your use of Third Party Services and your interactions with Web 3. If you have any technical issues or other issues with any of these Third Party Services or Web 3, you should contact the relevant third party or appropriate point of contact directly (if any).

In principle, Iona Labs does not provide any advice, recommendation, support or endorse Third Party Services you may use or any aspect of Web 3 that you may interact with through Iona Software. Their integration or availability through Iona Software does not imply any support or endorsement by Iona Labs. Iona Labs may also receive a fee from certain third parties who provide the Third Party Services.

Please also note that Iona Labs participates in the development of other open source projects that utilise peer-to-peer technologies, which you can find more details about on Iona Labs' GitHub page.

### 5. Nodes

The use of Iona Software on your device will turn it into a node that supports the underlying peer-to-peer network.

In general, by participating in or interacting with Web 3 networks, you may choose or be required to operate a node or perform other functions in support of such a network. Iona Labs is not responsible for the operation or functioning of such nodes.

### 6. Security

Although security is a top priority for us and many functions of Iona Software are privacy-mode by default, we cannot guarantee the full security of Iona Software and we are not responsible for alerting you to potential security risks. We intend to continuously update the security measures of Iona Software and we will from time to time post updates on the security of Iona Software through our communication channels.

### 7. Content

At Iona Labs, we believe in the sovereignty of individuals and we stand for the cause of personal liberty. We aim to promote social, political, and economic freedoms through Iona Software, which is built on the principles of the free flow of information and censorship resistance. Through Iona Software, particularly when using Messaging and Community Spaces, you will be able to create and interact with various content. We consider content to include anything you (or any other user) create, post, distribute or exchange through Iona Software (as well as any future functions that may be added to Iona Software), whether its text, links, GIFs, emoji, photos or any other media formats.

You are solely responsible for any content that you create, post, distribute or submit, messages you exchange or any other activity you may engage in related to your content on or through Iona Software and any harm or liability that may result from such content.

You represent and warrant in respect of such content that:
1. your creation, posting, distribution or submission of content does not infringe on any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any third party; and
2. you are the creator and owner or that you have the necessary permissions to create, post, distribute or submit such content through Iona Software.

You acknowledge that Iona Labs has no means of monitoring, moderating, removing, modifying or regulating users' content or activity. Iona Labs is further unable to and is not responsible for verifying the accuracy or reliability of such content or activity. While you use Iona Software, you may view content that:
1. could be offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable;
2. contains technical inaccuracies, typographical mistakes, and other errors; or
3. could violate others' rights, including but not limited to privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights.

### 8. Acceptable use of Iona Software

#### 8.1 Adherence to Iona Labs Principles

One of Iona Labs' goals is the widespread adoption of the decentralised web while also staying true to our Principles. These terms are designed to reflect our Principles, while providing important legal protections for Iona Labs and setting out guidelines and terms for the Iona Software community of users. We ask that you use Iona Software in a way that promotes and aligns with the Iona Labs Principles, and avoid actions that may harm or disrupt the community of users.

We strongly encourage users to act responsibly and ethically in their interactions and refrain from (i) inciting harm, violence or illegal activity, (ii) engaging in harassment, abuse or discrimination, and (iii) spreading false or misleading information.

If you are a Community Space creator or admin, we encourage you to establish your own guidelines to foster healthy and respectful community environments for your members.

#### 8.2 Community Governance

Community Spaces are self-sovereign environments managed independently by their creators and appointed admins. These users are solely responsible for:
- establishing and enforcing their own community guidelines;
- configuring access controls and permissions;
- managing community membership, including accepting or rejecting requests;
- moderating content and interactions within their community; and
- taking actions against community members who violate their community guidelines or behave disruptively, including the ability to exclude or ban members.

By participating in Community Spaces, you acknowledge that community governance lies solely with community creators and their appointed admins. Iona Labs cannot monitor, moderate or intervene in community interactions or governance decisions within any Community Space, except in cases where a Community Space is created and directly managed by Iona Labs.

#### 8.3 Limitation on certain uses of and acts in Iona Software

You agree not to use Iona Software, or attempt or assist others to use it, in a manner that:
1. uses unauthorised methods to create or gain access to an account on Iona Software;
2. interferes with or disrupts the integrity, safety, security, availability or performance of Iona Software;
3. installs or transmits on or through Iona Software, any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses, or other harmful or destructive code or content;
4. use Iona Software, if you are subject to sanctions, or otherwise designated on a list of prohibited or restricted parties as maintained by, the United Nations, the European Union or any of its member states or the US government, or intend to interact or transact with such parties;
5. violate, misappropriate or infringe the rights of Iona Labs, other users of Iona Software, or any other third parties in any way, including but not limited to privacy, publicity, intellectual property, confidentiality, property or other rights;
6. engage in any activity through Iona Software that may be in violation of applicable law, rules or regulations in your jurisdiction;
7. interfere, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from their use of Iona Software; or
8. engage in any attack, hack, denial-of-service attack, interference, or exploit of any smart contract in connection with use of Iona Software.

### 9. Fees

When you use Iona Software to interact with Third Party Services or Web 3, you may incur costs and may have to pay various fees, such as service fees, transfer fees, transaction fees, swap fees, bridge fees or network fees. You will be solely liable for any such fees, costs and expenses. Iona Labs has no control over and is unable to influence these fees in any manner.

### 10. Intellectual property and branding

#### 10.1 Iona Labs develops open source software

We want everyone to benefit from Iona Software, so we made it available under free and open source licences. This means that anyone can use, share, and modify the source code, as long as they follow the terms of the applicable licence. We believe in permission-less participation, which means that everyone has the right to participate in the development of our software. The applicable licences can be found on Iona Labs' GitHub page.

#### 10.2 Respect the Iona Labs brand

Iona Labs (and its affiliates as the case may be) owns all the rights to Iona Labs brand, including copyrights, domains, trade dress (look and feel), design rights and themes, trademarks, logos, graphics, and other intellectual property. These terms do not grant you any rights to use the Iona Labs brand or its intellectual property.

We love to see creative work from the Iona Labs community, but please let us know in advance and in writing if you want to use trademarks, logos, or graphics or modify them from our standard colours and designs. If you write articles, blogs, create websites, or talk about Iona Labs, please make sure it is clear that you are not speaking for, on behalf of, or under endorsement by Iona Labs.

To request permission to use our copyrighted material or trademarks or any other intellectual property, such as logos, please contact: legal@ionalabs.ai. If we grant you permission, you must follow our guidelines and instructions for using our intellectual property.

### 11. Risks

Before you use Iona Software, you should understand the risks involved and how they may affect you. The risks listed below are not intended to be exhaustive and may not reflect all the potential risks you could be exposed to from using Iona Software.

You are solely responsible for evaluating the risks and deciding whether or not to use Iona Software. By using Iona Software, you agree to accept all of the risks identified below, as well as any other risks that a reasonable person should have been aware about. Iona Labs is not responsible for notifying you on an ongoing basis about any changes in the risks associated with using Iona Software.

#### 11.1 Wallet

By using the Wallet, you represent that you have a sufficient understanding about crypto wallets and Digital Assets.

You acknowledge that Digital Assets stored in the Wallet are at risk of loss due to various factors, including but not limited to: theft, hacking (or other cyber-attacks), malware, technical or human error. You further acknowledge that transactions made through the Wallet are final and cannot be reversed by anyone, including Iona Labs. You are solely responsible for the transactions you undertake using Iona Software, including verifying the accuracy and legitimacy of your transactions before confirming and proceeding with them.

Iona Labs is not a service provider or an intermediary or custodian. We do not store, control, custody, transfer, or handle any users' funds or Digital Assets. Transactions are processed by validators, nodes, miners, and other participants on the Web 3 network (and not by Iona Labs). We do not have visibility of and cannot interfere with, modify, stop, block, change, reverse, or refund any transactions.

#### 11.2 Novel and experimental nature of Web 3

You acknowledge that there are inherent risks related to Web 3, arising from its novel and experimental nature. These risks include but are not limited to security risks (such as hacking and malware or other cyber-attacks, unauthorised access to your Wallet, attacks on blockchain networks, among others), technical risks (such as software errors, vulnerabilities or bugs) or operational risks related to Digital Assets, smart contracts, use of certain services, such as (crypto) bridges and swaps or other aspects and functionalities of Web 3.

The technology underlying Web 3 is also novel and experimental, as for the most part, it is based on still unproven, emerging and complex technologies, such as blockchain networks, that are developed or operated by third parties and distributed across a series of unaffiliated nodes across the world. As such, these changes and development in this technology may adversely affect your use of Web 3 and even Iona Software. It is your sole responsibility to monitor such changes and the potential impact on your use of Web 3 and Iona Software.

Given the novel and experimental nature of Web 3, the laws, rules and regulations, or their interpretation, may change and develop in a manner which could adversely affect your ability to interact with any aspect of Web 3, including deploying smart contracts, as well as creating, using, distributing or purchasing Digital Assets. These rules and regulations vary significantly in maturity across jurisdictions, but are for the most part, still in the early stages of development and may rapidly evolve and as such, their potential impact is subject to significant uncertainty. This could result in adverse consequences to you that may include criminal or civil penalties, including fines. It is your sole responsibility to ensure that you comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to, cryptocurrencies, financial markets, securities and anti-money laundering.

Web 3 is also decentralised to varying degrees and this may lead to a lack of predictability, accountability, or control over Web 3. There is no guarantee that the protocols and networks will function as expected. Changes may occur suddenly, like forks, which may affect Iona Software and your experience of using Iona Software. Iona Labs may decide not to support a forked network in its sole discretion.

#### 11.3 Unpredictable and volatile nature of Digital Assets

With Iona Software, you can interact with and transact in Digital Assets and their markets. You acknowledge that these markets and Digital Assets are often highly unpredictable and volatile due to multiple factors, such as supply and demand, changes in technology, the regulatory environment, political, natural and economic events in a jurisdiction, and price speculation. In addition, the underlying factors that determine the price of a Digital Asset are often opaque and could be subject to speculation and market manipulation. This means that the value of Digital Assets can be lost in part or in full and you should not interact with Digital Assets unless you have the necessary advice, knowledge, expertise or risk appetite.

#### 11.4 Potential legal, regulatory and tax implications

You acknowledge that there may be legal and regulatory implications applicable to you while using Iona Software and interacting with Web 3 and that may also adversely impact your use of Iona Software.

You are solely responsible for evaluating the legal and regulatory implications and taking appropriate actions, which could include obtaining any necessary licences, permits or approvals. Additionally, you are solely responsible for any tax implications, such as the payment of any taxes, resulting from your activities conducted through Iona Software, including any transactions in Digital Assets.

### 12. Disclaimers

Iona Software is provided on an "as is" basis. Iona Labs does not make any express or implied representations or warranties in relation to Iona Software. This includes warranties of merchantability, fitness for use or for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of any copyright or intellectual property rights. In particular, Iona Labs makes no representations or warranties:
1. about the completeness, accuracy, utility, reliability, suitability or availability of any information provided by Iona Labs;
2. that Iona Software will be operational, secure, safe or free from failures, disruptions, unauthorised access, bugs, errors, or delays, viruses, malicious code or any other technical or security issues;
3. regarding the completeness, accuracy, legality, utility, suitability, availability, functionality, timeliness or security of Web 3 or any Third Party Services;
4. regarding the value, utility or legality of any Digital Asset;
5. regarding the completeness, accuracy, legality, utility, suitability, functionality, security or availability of any smart contract that you may interact with or deploy; or
6. regarding the completeness, accuracy, legality, utility, reliability, suitability or availability of any user content.

### 13. Releases you should read closely

You release Iona Labs from all liability related to any claim, cause of action, controversy, dispute, loss, or damages, known or unknown, related to, arising from, or in any way connected with your use of Iona Software. This includes, but is not limited to:
1. user error, such as forgotten passwords, incorrectly constructed transactions, or mistyped wallet addresses;
2. your inability to access your Wallet or the Digital Assets held in within it, for any reason, such as the loss of your seed phrase or private keys;
3. your transactions or transfers of Digital Assets from and to your Wallet;
4. any loss of value (in part or full) of your Digital Assets held in your Wallet;
5. the failure of your hardware, software, or Internet connection;
6. unauthorised access to your account, or your data on or through the Iona Software, including any loss of data (such as your wallet address, private key and seed phrase);
7. technical or operational errors in or related to Iona Software, including underlying code or its functionalities, as well as the code of smart contracts you may deploy;
8. any modification, suspension or discontinuance of Iona Software or any feature or functionality of Iona Software;
9. your use of any Third Party Service or aspect of Web 3, including smart contracts and Digital Assets, as well as your interaction with such Third Party Service or Web 3;
10. your content or other users' content;
11. any unauthorised third party activities, including without limitation the use of viruses, phishing, brute forcing, or other means of attack against Iona Software; and
12. any risks identified in these terms or any that a reasonable person should have been aware of in relation to using Iona Software.

### 14. Limitation of liability

Iona Labs will not be held liable to you under any contract, negligence, strict liability, or other legal or equitable theory for any lost profits, cost of procurement for substitute services, or any special, incidental, or consequential damages related to, arising from, or in any way connected with these terms, Iona Labs, your use of Iona Software, particularly where Iona Labs has indicated that it is not responsible. This includes without limitation, your use of IONA tokens or other Digital Assets (creating, distributing, transacting in or otherwise) even if Iona Labs has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

In any event, Iona Labs' aggregate liability for any claims is limited to USD 100 (one hundred US Dollars). This limitation of liability will apply to the extent permitted by applicable law.

### 15. Indemnity

You shall indemnify and hold harmless Iona Labs from and against any and all claims, damages and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of Iona Software. This includes, but is not limited to:
1. your breach or alleged breach of these terms;
2. any content you create, post, distribute or submit, messages you exchange or any other activity you may engage in related to your content on or through Iona Software;
3. your use, including any of your activities on or through, Iona Software;
4. your violation of any laws, rules or regulations;
5. your harm to or violation of the rights of any third party, including any privacy, intellectual property, publicity, confidentiality, property or any other rights;
6. your use of Third Party Services or any aspect of Web 3; or
7. any misrepresentation or fraudulent statements made by you.

### 16. Restricted jurisdictions

Iona Labs makes Iona Software available through third party platforms, such as third party app stores, which enables global distribution to potential users.

You acknowledge that Iona Software is not intended for use or distribution in any jurisdiction where such use or distribution of software that is similar or identical to Iona Software is prohibited or restricted in any way. Your use of Iona Software does not and will not subject Iona Labs to such jurisdiction under any circumstance, particularly if there are any prohibitions or restrictions on the use of such software. Iona Labs reserves the right to limit the availability of Iona Software in any jurisdiction.

### 17. Materials provided are solely for informational purposes

Iona Labs provides materials and other information through Iona Software for informational purposes only and they may not always be entirely accurate, complete, or current and may also include inaccuracies or typographical errors. You are solely responsible for verifying their adequacy, completeness and accuracy and any reliance you place on such information is at your own risk, including any decisions or actions you may take in this respect. Iona Labs is not liable for any loss resulting from your action (or inaction) and decisions based on these materials or any other information.

You should always conduct your own research and seek independent professional advice if necessary. The materials and other information that Iona Labs may provide through Iona Software does not constitute financial, legal, tax, or other advice and should not be treated as such.

Additionally, Iona Labs is not responsible for any information, content, or services contained on any third party websites accessible or linked through the Iona Software. By linking such third party websites, Iona Labs does not represent or imply that it endorses or supports such third party websites or content therein, or that it believes such third party websites and content therein to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. Iona Labs has no control over such third party websites and will not be liable for your use of or activities on any third party websites accessed through Iona Software. The terms and conditions, including privacy policies, of such third party websites govern your use of their websites. If you access such third party websites through Iona Software, it is at your own risk and you are solely responsible for your activities on such third party websites.

### 18. Governing law and dispute resolution

#### 18.1 Governing law

United States law governs these terms and any disputes between you and Iona Labs, whether in court or arbitration, without regard to conflict of laws provisions.

#### 18.2 Dispute resolution

In these terms, "dispute" has the broadest meaning enforceable by law and includes any claim you make against Iona Labs or controversy you may have in relation to these terms, with Iona Labs or your use of Iona Software.

We prefer arbitration over litigation as we believe it meets our Principle of resolving disputes in the most efficient and cost effective manner. You are bound by the following arbitration clause, which waives your right to litigation and to be heard by a judge. Please note that a court review of an arbitration award is limited. You also waive all your rights to a jury trial (if any) in any and all jurisdictions.

If a (potential) dispute arises, you must first use your reasonable efforts to resolve it amicably with Iona Labs by reaching out to Iona Labs' legal team at legal@ionalabs.ai. If these efforts do not result in a resolution of such dispute, you shall then send to legal@ionalabs.ai a written notice of dispute setting out (i) the nature of the dispute, and the claim you are making; and (ii) the remedy you are seeking.

If you and Iona Labs are unable to further resolve this dispute within sixty (60) calendar days of Iona Labs receiving this notice of dispute, then any such dispute will be referred to and finally resolved by you and Iona Labs through an arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated herein by reference. The arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The arbitration will be held in the United States, and may be conducted via video conference virtual/online methods if possible. The tribunal will consist of one arbitrator, and all proceedings as well as communications between the parties will be kept confidential. The language of the arbitration will be in English. Payment of all relevant fees in respect of the arbitration, including filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules.

Regardless of any applicable statute of limitations, you must bring any claims within one year after the claim arose or the time when you should have reasonably known about the claim. You also waive the right to participate in a class action lawsuit or a classwide arbitration against Iona Labs.

### 19. What happens if you stop using Iona Software

If, at any time, you no longer agree to these terms, you must immediately stop using Iona Software and uninstall it from all your devices. You acknowledge that even after uninstalling Iona Software from all your devices, messages (including content) you have sent may still remain on the recipient's device, blockchain transactions you have may still be recorded on the blockchain, and any smart contracts you have deployed to a blockchain may still remain deployed.

Even after you have stopped using Iona Software, all provisions of these terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination. These provisions include, but are not limited to, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability, dispute resolution, and governing law.

### 20. General provisions

#### 20.1 Entire agreement

These terms, including the underlying open source licences governing the Iona Software, cover the entire agreement between you and Iona Labs regarding the Iona Software. If these terms are considered an offer by Iona Labs, acceptance is expressly limited to these terms. Any failure by Iona Labs to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these terms will not constitute our waiver of such right or provision.

#### 20.2 Severability

If any section of these terms is determined to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, the unenforceable portion will be deemed to be severed from these terms. Such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.

#### 20.3 Captions and headings

The captions and headings identifying sections and subsections of these terms are for reference only and do not define, modify, expand, limit, or affect the interpretation of any provisions of these terms. Any illustrative graphics and links to websites are provided for your information and education, and, unless otherwise specifically indicated, they are not included in or part of these terms.

#### 20.4 Changes to Iona Software and terms

#### 20.4.1 Changes to Iona Software

Iona Software is an open source, community-driven project. Users can both request and contribute to feature or functionality development by contacting us directly. Iona Labs may change or discontinue some or all features and functionality on Iona Software at any time in our sole discretion, including features or support for certain devices. We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of any features or functionality of Iona Software. Any and all new functions added to Iona Software are also subject to these terms.

#### 20.4.2 Notice of changes to the terms

We reserve the right to modify or replace any part of these terms at any time and in our sole discretion. You are solely responsible for checking Iona Software, or the relevant location where these terms are published, periodically for any changes. Your continued use of Iona Software following changes to these terms means that you have accepted those changes. If you do not accept such changes, then you must immediately stop using Iona Software and uninstall it from your devices.

#### 20.5 Contact us

If you have any questions about these terms, please contact us at legal@ionalabs.ai or through the appropriate means of communication indicated on Iona Labs' website.

---

*This document is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike (CC-BY-SA).*